OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-about.adoc

endif::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> An Operator group defines multitenant configuration for OLM-installed Operators through an `OperatorGroup` resource. It selects target namespaces and generates the required RBAC access for member Operators in {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Operator group defines multitenant configuration for OLM-installed Operators through an `OperatorGroup` resource. It selects target namespaces where the required RBAC access is generated for member Operators in {product-title}.
```
IIUC, the Operator group does not generate the RBAC.
